[docs] Explain `IDENTITY` columns in YSQL (#20535)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/api/ysql/the-sql-language/statements/ddl_create_table.md

Constraints marked as `INITIALLY DEFERRED` will be checked at the end of the transaction.

### IDENTITY columns

Create the column as an identity column. 

An implicit sequence will be created, attached to it, and new rows will automatically have values assigned from the sequence. IDENTITY columns are implicitly `NOT NULL`.

`ALWAYS` and `BY DEFAULT` will determine how user-provided values are handled in `INSERT` and `UPDATE` statements.

On an `INSERT` statement:

> - when `ALWAYS` is used, a user-supplied value is only accepted if the `INSERT` statement uses `OVERRIDING SYSTEM VALUE`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- when `ALWAYS` is used, a user-provided value is only accepted if the `INSERT` statement uses `OVERRIDING SYSTEM VALUE`. 
```

> - when `BY DEFAULT` is used, then the user-supplied value takes precedence. See [INSERT statement](../dml_insert/) for reference. (In the `COPY` statement, user-supplied values are always used regardless of this setting.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- when `BY DEFAULT` is used, then the user-provided value takes precedence. See [INSERT statement](../dml_insert/) for reference. (In the `COPY` statement, user-supplied values are always used regardless of this setting.)
```

On an `UPDATE` statement:

> - when `ALWAYS` is used, any update of the column to any value other than `DEFAULT` will be rejected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- when `ALWAYS` is used, a column update to a value other than `DEFAULT` will be rejected.
```

- when `BY DEFAULT` is used, the column can be updated normally. (`OVERRIDING` clause cannot be used for the UPDATE statement)

The `sequence_options` optional clause can be used to override the options of the generated sequence. 

See [CREATE SEQUENCE](../ddl_create_sequence) for reference.

#### Multiple Identity Columns

> PostgreSQL & YugabyteDB allow a table to have more than one identity column. The SQL standard specifies that a table can have at most one identity column. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PostgreSQL and YugabyteDB allow a table to have more than one identity column. The SQL standard specifies that a table can have at most one identity column. 
```

This relaxation primarily aims to provide increased flexibility for carrying out schema modifications or migrations. 

> It's important to be aware that the [INSERT](../dml_insert/) command can only accommodate one override clause for the entire statement. As a result, having several identity columns, each exhibiting distinct behaviors, is not effectively supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the [INSERT](../dml_insert/) command can only accommodate one override clause for an entire statement. As a result, having several identity columns, each exhibiting distinct behaviours, is not effectively supported.
```
